#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/app.in
#
alembic==1.13.1
    # via flask-migrate
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via -r requirements/app.in
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restful
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
backoff==1.10.0
    # via analytics-python
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   flask
    #   sentry-sdk
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   flask-session
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via flask
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   email-validator
    #   pymongo
    #   sweetrpg-db
email-validator==2.1.1
    # via wtforms
flask==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-dotenv
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-swagger
    #   flask-views
    #   flask-wtf
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-catalog-objects
    #   sweetrpg-web-core
flask-caching==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-dotenv==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-migrate==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-mongoengine==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-oauthlib==0.9.6
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-rest-jsonapi==0.31.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
flask-restful==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-session==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via flask-migrate
flask-swagger==0.2.14
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-views==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-wtf==1.2.1
    # via flask-mongoengine
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
hiredis==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via flask
kanka==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
mako==1.3.5
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.21.2
    # via
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   marshmallow-jsonapi
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-model-core
marshmallow-jsonapi==0.24.0
    # via
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   sweetrpg-catalog-objects
mongoengine==0.28.2
    # via
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-catalog-objects
    #   sweetrpg-db
monotonic==1.6
    # via analytics-python
msgspec==0.18.6
    # via flask-session
oauthlib==2.1.0
    # via
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==24.0
    # via marshmallow
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via prometheus-flask-exporter
prometheus-flask-exporter==0.23.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
pymongo[srv]==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   mongoengine
    #   pymongo
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-model-core
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   analytics-python
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/app.in
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements/app.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via flask-restful
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   flask-swagger
redis==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
requests==2.32.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   analytics-python
    #   kanka
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via flask-oauthlib
sentry-sdk[flask]==1.45.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   flask-restful
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==2.0.30
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
sweetrpg-api-core==0.0.290
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-catalog-objects
sweetrpg-catalog-objects==0.0.122
    # via -r requirements/app.in
sweetrpg-db==0.0.137
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-catalog-objects
sweetrpg-model-core==0.0.154
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-catalog-objects
    #   sweetrpg-db
sweetrpg-web-core==0.0.586
    # via -r requirements/app.in
typing-extensions==4.12.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via flask
wtforms[email]==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-wtf
    #   wtforms
