#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/docs.in
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
alembic==1.11.1
    # via flask-migrate
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via -r requirements/app.in
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restful
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
babel==2.12.1
    # via sphinx
backoff==1.10.0
    # via analytics-python
blinker==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   flask
    #   sentry-sdk
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   flask-session
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   typer
colorama==0.4.6
    # via typer
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via limits
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   email-validator
    #   pymongo
    #   sweetrpg-db
docutils==0.18.1
    # via
    #   rstcheck-core
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
email-validator==2.0.0.post2
    # via wtforms
flask==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-dotenv
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-swagger
    #   flask-views
    #   flask-wtf
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
    #   sweetrpg-web-core
flask-caching==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-dotenv==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-migrate==4.0.4
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-mongoengine==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-oauthlib==0.9.6
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-rest-jsonapi==0.31.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
flask-restful==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-session==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.0.3
    # via flask-migrate
flask-swagger==0.2.14
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-views==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-wtf==1.1.1
    # via flask-mongoengine
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
hiredis==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements/app.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via limits
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   sphinx
kanka==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
limits==3.5.0
    # via python-logstash-async
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.19.0
    # via
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   marshmallow-jsonapi
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-model-core
marshmallow-jsonapi==0.24.0
    # via
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
mongoengine==0.26.0
    # via
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
monotonic==1.6
    # via analytics-python
oauthlib==2.1.0
    # via
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   limits
    #   marshmallow
    #   pallets-sphinx-themes
    #   sphinx
pallets-sphinx-themes==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
prometheus-client==0.17.0
    # via prometheus-flask-exporter
prometheus-flask-exporter==0.22.4
    # via -r requirements/app.in
pydantic==1.10.9
    # via rstcheck-core
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pylogbeat==2.0.0
    # via python-logstash-async
pymongo[srv]==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   mongoengine
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-model-core
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   analytics-python
python-dotenv==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements/app.in
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements/app.in
python-logstash-async==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
pytz==2023.3
    # via flask-restful
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   flask-swagger
redis==4.5.5
    # via -r requirements/app.in
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   analytics-python
    #   kanka
    #   python-logstash-async
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sphinx
requests-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via flask-oauthlib
rich==12.6.0
    # via typer
rstcheck==6.1.2
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
rstcheck-core==1.0.3
    # via rstcheck
sentry-sdk[flask]==1.23.1
    # via -r requirements/app.in
shellingham==1.5.0.post1
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   flask-restful
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx==6.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   pallets-sphinx-themes
    #   sphinx-issues
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-log-cabinet
sphinx-issues==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinx-tabs==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-log-cabinet==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==2.0.16
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
sweetrpg-api-core==0.0.168
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
sweetrpg-db==0.0.129
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
sweetrpg-library-objects==0.0.246
    # via -r requirements/app.in
sweetrpg-model-core==0.0.127
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
sweetrpg-web-core==0.0.308
    # via -r requirements/app.in
typer[all]==0.7.0
    # via rstcheck
types-docutils==0.19.1.9
    # via rstcheck-core
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   limits
    #   pydantic
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
werkzeug==2.3.6
    # via flask
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via deprecated
wtforms[email]==3.0.1
    # via
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-wtf

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
